Oh bust inside welcome back today is big
blacks big day I've invited a special
red-haired guest back to my channel to
open some packs because yesterday's pack
lock was not good enough for my channel
that is not good enough for not pack up
blue isn't good enough so the pack blues
we've enlisted the help of somebody
special whatever Church I want to see
more likes I want to I want to see us
bustling bouncy 4,000 likes bust inside
of my like button subscribe to my
channel for new around here answers what
Bobbi on Instagram because you know you
know what happened I already we need to
get the Astros but you know what's
happening at - Kim can you go over there
over there and win yourself some Astros
but ah today we're all bring some team
of the season packs for MLS let's do
this alright guys so we're gonna be
opening some packs today check this out
okay hold on hold on
go back go back come back to it say this
is actually most annoying thing ever I
get stuck in this thing anyways there we
go alright 35 k packs today they're mega
awesome you're opening them today you're
opening packs today nobody backs today
get excited mega opening pack
Awesomeness 26 gold players oh oh my god
if they come out all right pastel yellow
and silver and I just go across I don't
think there's anyone getting near these
are those bad packs again these are
those busted max 35k packs I always get
the worst of it
negative lag and we have no one discard
it anyway why because I do what I want
do it here
my voice is absolute like it's actually
bad you should talk I really hope I
don't get sick you gotta get sick it's
like it's gonna happen we just got him
yeah there's a brand on that card
why is there a ram on his pod I didn't
know that is these guys like flags and
shields and then these guys like a
random
an outline of a ram he's likes good life
oh wait we got four thousand coins yeah
then discard it
I've taught you well alright what's the
next back here let's see if we can pull
something amazing bus oh my god okay bad
it's the money's not bad I'm actually
gonna use some of those so we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna put them away
for another another good day I'm oh yes
yes we got a good one yeah you didn't
get a good one
I'm really proud of you good work really
good that's really good that's good that
was pretty good pretty I was really
gonna go go all right let's see if we
can do it again
jerks back can we get a good this team
is he still team of Olivos
we got a team of the season I was very
unexpected it wasn't it wasn't expected
so I've heard they're really rare
actually no euston not getting them
yes and delete any money okay now I'm
Jade out now I'm excited I can't believe
you yet I'm Connie just a little bit in
shock that we got one I don't remember
the last time I saw a black eye it's
been a while no he's extinct he's
actually extinct I mean that means
there's none of him on the market so
what does that mean that means that you
did good you did good you did good good
good Wow we have to be surprised I'm
pleased I don't I don't want to just got
it you've got this guard like the
extinct player like everyone's trying to
get okay awesome okay so what happened
tonight with the luck I don't understand
what's happening right they get deeper
is
this is happening all right I'm gonna
give you I'm gonna kick me I mean you're
gonna you keep the controller
Samoa
this card at all
bye-bye is that it
no there's all that there's no back left
this is the last pack what pack
can we make this a good one can we make
the others a good one but this one a
good one like the other like words words
projected projected to you faster that's
busting I quit my job I got a thousand
coins fifa coins so you know it's good I
know what do that